They'll come back.
Last we deal with Krita the category's component in this media will create a category function as soon
as a user interface for it.
Now let's open up our text editor go to categories component add into new workbooks new category
and stable.
Here is create that category function when a function is run.
It can read but then will be disabled.
The new category would then be posted to the server and wait for a response the response will be assigned
to wearable data.
And then check if success on data is true.
If success is true the success will be displayed.
Otherwise the error message will be displayed.
If an error occurs error message should be displayed here.
Once this is all done but over and over again.
Now let's open up category's component DML
here.
If created our new category far below our list of categories.
Now let's go back to our current Groos component at all here.
It's safe in this we created the new category functionality along with the user interface.
Now take look what if beaute lets make sure that no one is running and open up our app
to the category's page and we can see lots of categories here and a new new category from all here.
Let's add a new category.
And here to say successful and refresh the page we can see that it is now here in the next video will
create the post-prom component.